good afternoon today is Sunday April 1st
2012 and for today's video I'm going to
give you an update of my wandering jew
it was previously into smaller pots but
then i put it back into a larger pot and
it has flourished and grown a lot and
it's grown vines everywhere and then
soon i'm going to trim it back so you
can have more horizontal growth but this
plant is doing really well and it's a
very easy plant to take care of and it
doesn't ask for much water and it's very
you don't ask for very much
and then another another plant I'd like
to tell you about is my newest addition
to my garden that I bought a week ago is
this place it's called the scientific
name for is to live involve Luke rata
I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing the
scientific name correctly but the common
name of this plant is the friendship
plant and this is the Mon Valley version
there are many other different varieties
of this plant and this has craters on
the leaves it has the texture on the
leaves and also these are for low light
areas and can be watered once or twice a
week and these and these are really cool
plants it looks very similar to a colles
plant which flowers during the summer
and it split this flower also so does
the wandering jew it flowers in late
summer or fall and it's in flower any
time or point of the year well thanks
for watching today if you have any
questions about either one of these two
plants you can leave a comment below
thanks for watching my video